Indicate how to add individual core modules in README (#32)
observatorium/opentelemetry-collector-builder: README.md

  # a list of "replaces" directives that will be part of the resulting go.mod
  - github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/internal/common => github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/internal/common v0.18.0
```

> If you want to include the whole of core opentelemertry in your resulting image then use the boolean flag `include_core` in the `dist` section of the configuration. However, if you only want to include certain core modules in your image you only need to specify the `import` and `core: true` in the modules sections. The `gomod` key is not required. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to include the whole core OpenTelemetry Collector in your resulting image then use the boolean flag `include_core` in the `dist` section of the configuration. However, if you only want to include certain core modules in your image, you only need to specify the `import` and `include_core: true` in the modules sections. The `gomod` key is not required. For example:
```

Reviewer: You might also want to point to the nocore example from the e2e tests.
